In this section we learned all about creating forms as well as being able to create user sessions and
AUTHENTICATING USERS with signing in with email and password as well as signing it with Google.
And we also had our sign up page where we're able to create a new user.
Now if you noticed there were two places that we had to remember or store user information.
The first one was firebase right.
We needed to remember a user so that when they come back one day maybe tomorrow or maybe a year from
now we have their information.
So a backend database like we use them firebase is a way for us to remember that information of the
user.
So initially we stored that information there but once we have it in the back end we now need to get
access to it on the front end because on the front end we also have to remember that information.
So when a user signs up and they click sign up well we're going to store that information in our firebase
however when a user comes back and let's say signs and with Google or signs up with email and password
we check our far base data and say Hey does this user exist.
And if they do or if they sign in with Google I want you to store that State of the user in our app.
Remember that information in our app so that as the user starts to move through our e-commerce Web site
we have that information so that they can check out they can update their card.
So by the end of this section I hope you understand the importance of remembering a user where something
like a backend end and then requesting that information from the back end so that you can store it as
state on the front end and be able to use it to allow the user to have a proper shopping experience.
We have a long way to go so let's keep going and I'll see you in the next section.